---
title: The First Man On Earth
layout: post
---

The first man walks the desert alone, \
Parched, feverish and a head full of memories \
Empty, yet at the same time every ruin he passes \
Reminds him of that which was borrowed \
The flame, the wooden box & the spirits \
Envision his past and his future \
The mirage in the distant \
Plays with his anxieties. \
He fidgets with his fingers, \
The sweat drips from his forehead \
To the sand hissing, \
Donkey by his side fitting \
The role of Sancho Panza, \
Don Quixote his noble master walking beside him, \
His steed Dulcinea, \
Goes on in front of them as a shadow, \
Leaves the man gasping for breath as he chases it.

He has heard stories of an ancient people, \
That transformed the earth below, \
Forming reality in their picture --- \
A picture more resembling a tragedy \
Of the most gargantuan proportions \
Space-fights, lightsabers and NYC cab drivers \
And all of those words that carry no meaning. \
Water, cool water, to his donkey and him \
Is enough to fill a thousand picture frames \
And besides, he doesn't really care anyways. \
His goal is the mountaintop, \
Where they gather on top of a giant stomach \
Gaia, and all of her siblings. \
Atlas, carries it all on his shoulders \
Even the desert pouring out of his side.

Cain was envious of Able's beach property. \
The garden never even existed, \
Except in the realm of our dreams, \
Inverted upon a black canvas, \
The man walks on, \
He's just too close not to --- \
He can even see the edges \
Of the mirage's shadow \
Dancing across the dunes \
And the ruins of old \
Turn into the stories \
That his children gather before. \
Nameless entities laughing, spinning, \
Crying and murdering. \
Their way to their corresponding \
Reflection in our collective unconscious.


On the night he lays in the cool sand, \
Gazes up toward the skies \
Of falling stars, steadfast lights \
and legends of old \
Himself, only, of course. \
Dulcinea snores loudly. \
Sancho Panza sighs in his sleep. \
Quixote breathes out moisture from his mouth, \
The story requires it.
